Hey, why are you trash everywhere?
I know it must be you who know the president of the Tianlong Society
Will visit this casino
So come and join in the fun
I heard about your choice to join the Dragon Club
Why doesn't anyone have the ability of your senior?
otherwise
Throw these mortals out and open the door to business
The visitor is a guest
sister
You really don't think of this casino as your home
The truth remains unchanged
Emerge a genius doctor
Even you dare to pretend to be the president of the Tianlong Society
You are fooling around
I'm going to warn the Zhang family now
Let them break your legs, you bastard
Oh mom
Since he's here, he should leave something to play with
Ah Texas
Mahjong, choose all the items here at will.
Just play this
The four of us can still have some fun
I will also learn
This one then.
Sister, don't blame me for not reminding
I've been in this casino since I was a kid
Don't deny it if you lose
One word out now
I can pretend anything happens to me
I also hope that you will not ruin the affairs of my Wang family in the future.
In front of
Don't be ashamed.
Let the administration begin